CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing to Scholarly.ai

We love your input! We want to make contributing to Scholarly.ai as easy and transparent as possible, whether it's:

- Reporting a bug
- Discussing the current state of the code
- Submitting a fix
- Proposing new features
- Becoming a maintainer

## Getting Started

New to the project? Check out our documentation to get set up:

- [**Setup Guide**](docs/setup.md): Step-by-step instructions to install and run the project.
- [**Troubleshooting**](docs/troubleshooting.md): Solutions for common development issues.

## We Develop with Github

We use github to host code, to track issues and feature requests, and to accept pull requests.

## Report bugs using Github's [issue tracker](https://github.com/dss-bu/scholarly.ai/issues/)

We use GitHub issues to track public bugs. Report a bug by [opening a new issue](https://github.com/dss-bu/scholarly.ai/issues/new/choose); it's that easy!

## Pull Requests

Pull requests are the best way to propose changes to the codebase (we use [Github Flow](https://guides.github.com/introduction/flow/index.html)). We actively welcome your pull requests:

1.  Fork the repo and create your branch from `main`.
2.  If you've added code that should be tested, add tests.
3.  If you've changed APIs, update the documentation.
4.  Ensure the test suite passes.
5.  Make sure your code lints.
6.  Issue that pull request!

## License

By contributing, you agree that your contributions will be licensed under its MIT License.

Commit message:

Add linting, formatting, and submission workflow
Introduce Husky Git hooks for pre-commit (lint-staged) and pre-push (build) checks. Add Prettier configuration for code formatting.

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing to Scholarly.ai

We love your input! We want to make contributing to Scholarly.ai as easy and transparent as possible, whether it's:

- Reporting a bug
- Discussing the current state of the code
- Submitting a fix
- Proposing new features
- Becoming a maintainer

## Getting Started

New to the project? Check out our documentation to get set up:

- [**Setup Guide**](docs/setup.md): Step-by-step instructions to install and run the project.
- [**Troubleshooting**](docs/troubleshooting.md): Solutions for common development issues.

## We Develop with Github

We use github to host code, to track issues and feature requests, and to accept pull requests.

## Report bugs using Github's [issue tracker](https://github.com/dss-bu/scholarly.ai/issues/)

We use GitHub issues to track public bugs. Report a bug by [opening a new issue](https://github.com/dss-bu/scholarly.ai/issues/new/choose); it's that easy!

## Pull Requests

Pull requests are the best way to propose changes to the codebase (we use [Github Flow](https://guides.github.com/introduction/flow/index.html)). We actively welcome your pull requests:

1.  Fork the repo and create your branch from `main`.
2.  If you've added code that should be tested, add tests.
3.  If you've changed APIs, update the documentation.
4.  Ensure the test suite passes.
5.  Make sure your code lints.
6.  Issue that pull request!

## Submitting Changes

For a detailed step-by-step guide on how to submit your changes (including how our Git hooks work), please read our [Submission Guide](docs/submission.md).

## License

By contributing, you agree that your contributions will be licensed under its MIT License.
